---
menu: main
title: About
type: about
weight: 10
---
I grew up in the serene landscapes of Wisconsin, where the simplicity of rural life shaped my early years. However, my idyllic childhood was abruptly transformed by the profound tragedy of my sister's death. This heart-wrenching loss left an indelible mark on my soul, casting a long shadow over my formative years. Struggling to navigate through the depths of grief and confusion, I found myself drifting aimlessly, burdened by the weight of my sorrow.

For years, I was ensnared in a field I did not enjoy, seeking solace in unhealthy habits. This period of my life was marked by a deep-seated depression as I grappled with a sense of purposelessness and despair. However, in the midst of this turmoil, a pivotal moment of clarity emerged. I made the courageous decision to pursue higher education, a choice that would become the cornerstone of my personal and professional transformation.

Embarking on my college journey, I discovered a renewed sense of purpose and an insatiable drive to achieve all I had ever imagined and more. I went on to earn an Associate of Arts and Science degree from the University of Wisconsin Fond du Lac, a Bachelor of Science in Psychology and a Master of Science in Experimental Psychology from the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, and a Doctor of Philosophy in Industrial-Organizational Psychology from the University at Albany, State University of New York. Through rigorous study and unwavering determination, I not only excelled academically but also redefined my identity. This metamorphosis ignited this profound passion within me for Industrial-Organizational Psychology, a field where I can channel my experiences and insights to make a meaningful impact on the world around me.

As an Industrial-Organizational Psychologist, I bring over five years of rich industry and academic experience, dedicated to advancing workplaces through my expertise in researching, applying, consulting, and disseminating principles of Industrial-Organizational Psychology. My commitment to utilizing theoretically driven, empirically tested, and data-informed practices has been the hallmark of my career.

In my impactful role as a Research Psychologist with Leidos contracted to the Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory, I have been a key contributor to sustaining the readiness and superiority of the undersea warfighter community. My leadership and solutions have been instrumental in diverse projects, particularly in modernizing, validating, and implementing the talent management program for the Submarine Force. Additionally, I played a pivotal role in the development and validation of core leadership competencies, evaluation of person-environment fit, and enhancement of various training programs.

My current research pursuits involve exploring the impact of mindfulness practices in formal training settings and investigating how the intricate relationship between psychological need satisfaction at home and work influences employee motivation, work recovery, well-being, and burnout. Proficient in all facets of research project management, I bring a wealth of skills, from conducting thorough literature reviews to presenting findings to a global audience.

A standout in simultaneously managing multiple projects, I excel in effective task delegation, training, and supervision of direct reports. My nuanced understanding of reliability and validity, along with their limitations, positions me as a valuable asset to any research initiative. I possess expertise in various statistical analyses, including t-tests, (M)AN(C)OVAs, Spearman and Pearson correlations, linear and multiple regressions, power analyses, structural equation modeling, confirmatory and exploratory factor analyses, qualitative analyses, mediation analyses, and latent growth curve modeling.

Notably, I have experience presenting and disseminating results to high-level stakeholders and large groups, underscoring my ability to effectively communicate and translate research findings into meaningful insights for diverse audiences. I am incredibly enthusiastic about bringing my wealth of experience, strategic mindset, and dedication to excellence to a dynamic and forward-thinking organization.

Outside of my professional life, I am an avid fan of the Green Bay Packers. Growing up in Wisconsin, my loyalty to the team runs deep, and I relish every opportunity to cheer them on, whether it's from the stands or the comfort of my home. Football season is a special time for me, filled with camaraderie, excitement, and a shared passion with fellow fans.

In addition to my love for football, I am an enthusiastic reader and gamer. Speculative fiction, with its boundless creativity and exploration of the unknown, particularly captivates me. I find immense joy in immersing myself in fantastical worlds, whether through the pages of a book or the interactive experience of a video game. Gaming not only offers an escape but also sharpens my problem-solving skills and provides a platform for connecting with others who share my interests.

I also have a deep appreciation for the great outdoors. Hiking and camping are among my favorite activities, allowing me to disconnect from the hustle and bustle of daily life and reconnect with nature. These outdoor adventures offer a sense of tranquility and rejuvenation, as well as the thrill of discovering new trails and landscapes. Traveling is another passion of mine, as it broadens my horizons and exposes me to diverse cultures and experiences. Whether it's exploring a new city, sampling local cuisine, or learning about different traditions, travel enriches my perspective and fuels my curiosity. Each journey, near or far, adds a new chapter to my life story, filled with unforgettable memories and invaluable insights.

Staying active and healthy is also a significant part of my life. I am passionate about weight lifting, which not only strengthens my body but also sharpens my mind and boosts my overall well-being. Additionally, I love playing the guitar, finding solace and creative expression in the melodies and rhythms I create. This blend of physical activity and artistic pursuit provides a balanced and fulfilling lifestyle, allowing me to thrive both personally and professionally.